with glasses custom new collection 79 euros
with crystals included
solon opticalia
today I propose to change our
concept of sports shoes when
we think of convert in sports
We immediately associate them with cowboys or
casual looks but it does not have to
be like that
precisely mixing positions like
arranged and informal garments
we will get to see ourselves differently and
surprise others
Here I show you a suit jacket
lace and short pants
and more arranged black can not be
probably our first choice
would be some salons or dancers and
It's fine but what do you think if
combined with leather Converse os
you expected this effect the youthful air
it is evident and comfort you can
imagine
leather is another fabric associated with looks
more sophisticated than sports this
dress is a perfect blend of leather
and a very fine point instead of
heels that is if we put some
sports with animal print
as you see, I think it gives a touch
very personal
I hope I have convinced you that there
everyone to explore with the
sports shoes try all your
possibilities already you will see how you
you surprise and also you take off
how many years
Hello today I want to present you the new
exclusive fashion opticalia glasses
the brands mango pp jeans and custo
Barcelona
okay in retro-inspired glasses
shaped like a cat's eye round and
frames of black care and roses
turquoises in opticalia are in
promotion to 79 euros with crystals
included when you go to choose them
make sure they adapt to the shape
of your face and of course that
are going to be a complement to your
daily looks
remember in opticalia you have waiting for you
the pepe mango glasses collections
jeans and custo barcelona and for only 79
euros that do not tell you that you do not go to the
last